Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-computer-networks-assignment-2
<br>
Introduction to: Web Server Imitation1. Goal• Develop a simple web server using socket programming.2. Development environments • TA will evaluate your results on multiple Linux (virtual) machines. • You have to use Python (version 3.6+). • Python can be run over both Window and Linux, but you must NOT use Window OS dedicated APIs. • If TA cannot run your program on Linux, you will get zero points.* You can use simple basic python libraries (ex: socket, os, thread… ), but must implement the main functionalities by yourself. You are NOT allowed to use some libraries that make it easy to implement the assignment. If you want to know whether a particular library is acceptable or not, ask me via the anonymous google sheet.=&gt; Allowed library example: “os”, “time”, “threading”=&gt; NOT allowed library example: “HTTP”, “requests”, “ServerSocket”, “flask”, “urllib”, “websocket”3. Functionalities to implement • Server • Develop a standard web server program.• The web server program runs with the port number of 10080, and waits to receive HTTP requests from commercial web browsers that run on another (virtual) machine.• When receiving HTTP request messages, the web server program sends HTTP response messages back to the browser.• Users can request two type files; html and image (e.g. jpg, png, gif… etc.) which are located in the same directory where web server program runs. The html file can also include embed image files.